This 3D animation project/experience places the user in a museum and is a game in which the user gets to choose their ending through their actions. This project incorporates the use of cues to direct the user's attention and the use of a nonlinear story line with the possibility of two endings. Each ending has it's own unique cues, animations, audio, and lighting. The user is a guard at a museum, where the jewel is stolen. Each exhibit can be explored by the user. Cues like audio, floating fireballs, particle systems, footprints, and lighting were used to direct the user's attention throughout the environment. There is even a statue that showcases some home-made gaze logic and acts as an offbrand weeping angel. Once all three exhibits are explored, the ending begins. The jewel appears on the floor with footprints leading to it. A particle system is used to attract the user further. The ending is determined by the user choosing to feed or not feed the dinosaur.

 If the user doesn't feed the dinosaur, the dinosaur will play multiple animations and will "attack" the player forcing them to run and escape the museum. During this red lighting appears, alarms sound, and the door opens with a slam.

If the user feeds the dinosaur, the dinosaur will be playful with the user, and call out nicely, not roaring. The lighting turns blue and yellow to simulate the daylight, the doors slowly open, and the user is free to leave the museum.

All particle systems, effects, and ending logic were implemented by me. Assets and sounds were not. Also the dinosaur animation was not. I attempted to rig a dinosaur but the mesh was complex and I was unable to. However I do know how to rig characters, use mocap (optitrack) systems, and use neural networks in Unity as well.
